Add docs for path-regex annotation for mergeable ingresses (#4214)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/ingress-resources/advanced-configuration-with-annotations.md

|``nginx.org/proxy-buffer-size`` | ``proxy-buffer-size`` | Sets the value of the [proxy_buffer_size](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_proxy_module.html#proxy_buffer_size) and [grpc_buffer_size](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_grpc_module.html#grpc_buffer_size) directives. | Depends on the platform. |  |
|``nginx.org/proxy-max-temp-file-size`` | ``proxy-max-temp-file-size`` | Sets the value of the  [proxy_max_temp_file_size](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_proxy_module.html#proxy_max_temp_file_size) directive. | ``1024m`` |  |
|``nginx.org/server-tokens`` | ``server-tokens`` | Enables or disables the [server_tokens](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#server_tokens) directive. Additionally, with the NGINX Plus, you can specify a custom string value, including the empty string value, which disables the emission of the “Server” field. | ``True`` |  |

> |``nginx.org/path-regex`` | N/A | Enables regular expression modifiers for [location](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#location) directive. You can specify one of these values: "case_sensitive", "case_insensitive", or "exact". The annotation is applied to the entire Ingress resource and its paths. If you use a Master and Minion Ingresses (Mergeable Ingresses) you can specify different regex annotations values on all minions or a subset of minions and/or a master. |  |  [Path Regex](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/examples/ingress-resources/path-regex). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|``nginx.org/path-regex`` | N/A | Enables regular expression modifiers for [location](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#location) directive. You can specify one of these values: "case_sensitive", "case_insensitive", or "exact". The annotation is applied to the entire Ingress resource and its paths. While using Master and Minion Ingresses i.e. Mergeable Ingresses, this annotation can be specified on both types at once but value from Minion takes precedence. |  |  [Path Regex](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/examples/ingress-resources/path-regex). |
```
